# First-Assignment-Reflection

My intital thought on assignment one was a little unclear. I felt as if I had the concept down but the details were still a little fuzzy. My first topic was too broad so I struggled with what to do that was more clear and in the realm of what I thought the assignment was asking for. After reflecting on new ideas, I chose my new topic: creating a worship set. After resubmitting a the new topic with examples and an outline, directions from comments led me to believe I needed to use technical terms within the topic in order for the assignment to meet guidelines. This made sense to me, but I was not sure how technical I needed to be. The audience of my assignment would be people who already know why you pick certain key signatures and should already know the basics of music. Upon rough draft review, after I completed a full draft and with talking with you, my idea of what the project should look like shifted. I re-read the instructions multiple times trying to get an idea of exactly what was expected, but it still was not making much sense. So after talking with you in class, I tried to take your suggestions and apply them to my assignment. (You had mentioned describing why each step was important)

I was a bit nervous to turn in the assignment because I was unsure if I had completely fulfilled what was being asked of me. But I had to learn to rest assured knowing that what I had turned in was what I felt was being asked of me. I tried my best with the information I was given and that for the next assignment I may need to ask more questions to get more direct guidance so I am sure of what is being asked. 

I feel like I was successful in the overall concept, I feel if I had the right idea, but maybe not the exact details. I feel like I used sufficient technical terms, so that went well. The peer reviews were helpful and allowing to pick our topic was great because we could pick what we were passionate about and we were able to write on it rather than being forced to write on something we did not care about. The word count was easily attainable. 
